Well done. You are now able to break a single file program into
multiple files and you've learned some of the tools
that will allow you to create larger programs in the future.
Let's do a quick review of what you've learned in this lesson.
We started out this lesson with header files,
where you used headers to break a single file into multiple files.
Then you learned a little bit about build systems,
and in particular you learned about CMake and Make.
Finally, you learned some tools for writing larger programs including references,
pointers, maps, classes, and a little bit about object oriented programming in C++.
Headers, CMake, pointers, and references,
and object-oriented programming are topics you will
see over and over again throughout this Nanodegree.
So you'll get a lot more practice with each of them as you continue beyond this course.
However, you are now well-prepared to start the final project for the course.
Have a look at the next lesson to get started.